Render Secrets on top of Intended Configuration (#339)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/user/app_feature_intended.md

There are several alternative ways to have functions registered as filters in the `django_jinja` environment; below demonstrates defining decorated functions in a separate file, and then importing them in the `nautobot_config.py` file. This method requires that the file is in a path that is available to Nautobot's python environment.

!!! note

>     `django_jinja` documents adding filters in the `TEMPLATES` config section; since Nautobot sets the `TEMPLATES` config section and does not document this in optional settings, it is recommended to only use the `@django_jinja.library.filter` decorator.

Reviewer: Could you render this locally in mkdocs? Does it render as expected?

Author: it was done automatically by my code editor, I have not checked.

> `django_jinja` documents adding filters in the `TEMPLATES` config section; since Nautobot sets the `TEMPLATES` config section and does not document this in optional settings, it is recommended to only use the `@django_jinja.library.filter` decorator.

Reviewer: please revert

### Intended Repository Matching Rule

!!! note

> Only use a Intended Repository Matching Rule if you have **more than one** intended repository. It is \*\*not needed"" if you only have one repository. The operator is expected to ensure that every device results in a successful matching rule (or that device will fail to render a config).

Reviewer: please revert

Author: yes, sure. I will do this with the last update of the docs, as I guess more auto style will happen.

## Data

The data provided while rendering the configuration of a device is described in the [SoT Aggregation](./app_feature_sotagg.md) overview.

## Render Intended Configuration as a final push artifact

> The Intended Configuration Job doesn't produce a final configuration artifact ready to use to update a network device. You should understand it as the "intended" running configuration, because the main purpose is to be compared against the current running configuration (retrieved in the "backup" job).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intended Configuration Job doesn't produce a final configuration artifact ready to use to update a network device. You should understand it as the "intended" running configuration, because the intended configuration attempts to generate what is in the final running configuration and not the steps to what it takes to get to that running configuration.
```

Aside of enabling the "compliance" feature, there are some other limitations on the intended configuration:

- Because the intended configuration is stored in the Database, and in an external Git repository, it SHOULD NOT contain any secret (or derivative).

> - The format of the running configuration is not exactly the same as the configuration to push in some devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The format of the running configuration is not always the same as the configuration to push in some devices, examples include:
    - Pushing snmpv3 configurations
    - VTP configurations
    - Implicit configurations like a "no shutdown" on an interface
```

> However, Golden Config following the purpose to become the cornerstone configuration management application is providing an advanced feature to render the intended configuration in the final format your device is expecting to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Golden Config following intends to become an all encompassing configuration management application, is providing an advanced feature to render the intended configuration in the final format your device is expecting to.
```

In the `Device` detail view, and in the API endpoint `config-to-push`, you can obtain the final configuration artifacts for the devices. By default, there is a function to render secrets using a `get_secrets` filter, and also a custom hook can be attached in the post-processing process.

### Get Secrets filter

The `get_secrets` filter uses Nautobot Secrets object to render as text. Because this render happens not in the first one to generate the intended configuration, but on a second one, you must use the `{% raw %}` Jinja syntax to avoid being processed on the first one. For example:

```jinja

> password {{ id | get_secret("dcim.Device", "password") | encrypt_type5 }}

Reviewer: I was expecting to see `{% raw %}` here

Author: the filter is not aware of how it would be used, in 2 rendering steps. I agree that it should be in the overall user documentation, but I don't think so for a specific filter
